[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Who were the 12
families of Atlantis?
I am your host and
guide, Matías de Stefano.
In this episode, we will
explore these families
and how they shaped Atlantis.
The Egyptian people
call the first time
when people was
created Zep Tepi.
We have two stories about that.
One story was held in many
billions and thousands of years
through the creation of
matter, heaven, water,
and air in this planet.
So the main idea
of Zep Tepi was try
to explain how everything
was created in thousands
and millions of years.
Because it was impossible
to explain the past,
we talked about circles of time.
So we wouldn't say it happened
billions of years ago.
We would say, one cycle,
two cycles, three cycles.
So these cycles of time for
us were called like years.
And a year would have millions
of years inside of it,
but for us, was a short
period of time of creation.
So Zep Tepi would explain
how those billions of years
were created, but mostly
describe the creation
of human species on Earth,
which was in between 200,000 BC
and 20,000 BC, which was
the period in which all
the beings coming
from the sky start
to shape the idea of
Homo sapiens sapiens.
And then from 30,000
BC to 20,000 BC,
they started to create these
civilizations, and these men,
women gods here on Earth.
So what they describe
is how everything was
created in two different times.
The creation of the universe,
the creation of Earth,
and the creation of our
species here on Earth.
The Khef people that was
created in the Middle East
by the Aessir were brought
to the Atlantic Ocean
so they could be really far
from those that would harm them,
that would slave them.
The first islands to be
populated by them where
Khefu, Ekaron, and
Evnoh, Khefu being
Green Cape, Ekaron the Canary
Islands, and Evnoh the Azores.
These three groups of
islands were the first ones
being used by them, and the
boundaries of their region
was the Sahara Desert.
The first stage of
this culture was
to divide the main island in
12 regions that were controlled
by these 12 families.
These first settlements
in those regions
were very poor, very human.
And they were not in touch
with the alien civilizations.
They were not in
touch with Arcturians
that are directly
with Aessir directly,
because they were being
kept like in observation.
They were there like any
human, like Neanderthals,
like any other, just watching
how these new species was
able to adapt to the planet.
What were their abilities
inside to create
a population, an organization?
What the ancient beings,
the confederation beings
wanted to see from these
first stages of humanity was,
what are the abilities
that they had within
to remember, and to take
it out by themselves
without the teaching of
anyone from the stars.
The name Khef means the
ones that were designed
for the flow of the truth.
That is not only the culture
that is in the Atlantic Ocean.
It's the culture of those
humans that were designed
for the flow of the truth.
The sound "kh"
means the architect.
The sound "e" means the truth.
And the sound "f"
means the flow.
So the snake.
So that's why they
were those of the truth
of the snake, the flow of the
water, the flow of the truth.
And they were designed to
bring that flow of the truth.
So Khef were the culture created
all around the Mediterranean,
connecting the Middle East
and the Atlantic Ocean.
So every settlement of all
the Mediterranean, Europe,
Middle East, North
Africa, and the Atlantic
Ocean where called the Khef.
But of course, the capital--
because the 12 families
were settled in the Atlantic
Ocean, the islands, they were
called the Khefis, or Khefian,
the more important people, and
the capital of them was there.
That's why every culture
in the Mediterranean Sea
and the rest of the continents
remember that they were
the ones holding the horizon.
The horizon because the
sea of the Atlantic Ocean
was the limit of
their known world.
So those were the last islands
where the heaven and the Earth
was connected.
So that's why they called them
the keepers of the horizon,
or the ones that
hold heaven on Earth,
because their purpose was
that-- to hold heaven on Earth.
And that's why in
Greek mythology,
they called those big people--
these blue big people
that hold the heaven
on Earth between water and
the sky, which both are blue--
the blue ones, and
the Atlanteans.
The Atlas is the
mountains that are
in the end of the Mediterranean
that hold the sea and the sky.
And that's where the meaning of
Atlantis and Atlantean people
came.
It was because of
Greek language.
The 12 families of
Atlantis had the concept
of what they represented.
They were the different
houses and different tribes
that would represent
the concepts
of the constellation on Earth.
So they had the symbols of the
constellations and the animals
that represented them,
like the lion, the sheep.
Every animal that represented
the constellations
were representing
also the families.
But at the first stage,
they were just the families.
The 12 families that were
living in the same island,
and they were sons of Aessir
and sons of Arcturian people,
but they were also humans.
So they had the line
of Arcturian blood.
So that's why they were
called the blue ones.
The blue ones, even if
they were not as much blue,
they had a weird skin color
of blue because of the blood.
They had still
this way of looking
that was different from other
humans that were on Earth,
so they were trying to
hold the lineage of blood
so they could survive
with information.
They knew that in the
DNA and the blood,
they had the different
codes of the information
of every constellation
through the blood of Arcturus.
So that's why they wanted to
keep that information alive.
Even if they were
living with other humans
from Earth that
had red blood, they
were trying to keep that
blood alive so they could be
representing heaven on Earth.
Each family has its tribe
with humans surrounding them,
and the humans were
trying to protect
this people because they
were the information alive.
We understood that
the blue ones were
the people that kept that
information from the stars
on Earth.
So they were the
priestesses, the priests.
They were the leaders
of the wisdom.
These 12 families were born
by the main sons and daughters
of the Aessir, and all of them
were called the sons of one
of those 12 kids.
And then they
attach the word "Is"
in the end to say that
they were from this family.
So the 12 families were named
Mifis, Akaostis, Meiehis,
Khomobis, Koyris, Lioris,
Karianis, Warianis, Isthiis,
Banis, Fidhis, and Gabenis.
These 12 families were
split in the main island.
And a few of them used to live
in the hills, and another ones
in the shore.
So one of them start
to become like sailors
that connected the islands.
The main connection
of the islands
was because of commerce.
So they would bring in some
foods and some minerals
from different islands.
But they had this law that
prohibited to touch Africa.
They said that Africa
was ruled by giants,
so they were not able to touch
them unless they want to die.
So there was all these
stories that if they
would touch Africa or Europe,
the Nemnir or the Aessir
will kill every human.
That took Atlantis
for a long time
living in the same
islands, and being
worried about opening
the doors to conquer
the world because they
were afraid of those people
around the planet, even if
they didn't exist anymore.
When the 12 families,
the 12 tribes
recognize their power along
the islands of Evnoh, Ekaron,
and Khefu, they understood
that they were not
the rulers of the civilization.
They were not the ones having
to control the population.
They were the ones keeping the
information from the stars.
They were not able to rule.
They were able to guide
through their knowledge.
So that's why the civilization
doesn't had these 12 families
ruling the Atlantean
population, but guiding them.
So that's why, in between
the humans, usually
they choose a representative
of those humans
to become king or queen.
And the king or queen had to
ask for wisdom to the 12 ones
every time that a
decision has to be made.
So the 12 ones were
like a circle of debate
to talk about the important
stuff, and the king was--
or the queen were the voices
to the rest of the population
with the same blood.
That's because for
the Atlantean people,
they thought that
it was important not
to become the same
like their fathers
and mothers, the Aessir.
So they wanted to
people trust them.
And in order to
trust them, they had
to pick a representative
in the same blood.
But the 12 families also had
a representative in the skies.
And these were the real
blue ones, the Arcturians
that lived on Earth.
There were not many.
Maybe 50 or 30 people.
And they all lived in
the highest mountains
of the Canary Islands.
And they were called the
settlement of Taabathar.
Taabathar was the lost
city, as they call them.
And it was a very
tiny population
in a very tiny settlement
that we may see or imagine
very shiny because
of the quartz,
because of the crystals
they were using
to hold their information.
When the population of the
islands started to grow,
there was this idea of
going out the islands.
But the 12 families said that
humans weren't really prepared
to go out.
So the 12 families were asking
advice to the Taabathar people.
And the Taabathar
people also used
to say that we needed to be
more prepared to understand
our purpose on the planet
before we go around the planet.
The Taabathar people said that
before we could understand
the main reason why
we were created,
we needed to be more
grounded to this planet.
So that's why they
advised the families
to not go out the islands.
But the problem was that the
population from the islands
was willing to reach
for more resources
to keep growing
their civilization.
So this brought a problem
in between the two kinds
of kingdoms.
The blue ones and the humans
started to have disagreements.
The Taabathar people,
the real blue ones,
were telling the 12
families what to do.
And the 12 families tell the
king and the queen what to do.
So that's why the king
of that time said,
we are not able
to go out, and we
will punish anyone going
outside the islands.
We usually think about Atlantis
as a very advanced civilization
that used spaceship,
and crystals, and light,
and they travel through all the
planet in these big machines,
or these big cities.
But actually, the
beginning of Atlantis
was more related to a human way
of surviving in this planet.
My memories of the beginning
of Atlantis, this was--
it wasn't in spaceship.
It was people riding donkeys.
So they were reaching the world
sailing on these boats made up
with wood and
grass, and they used
to ride donkeys to get
to the highest points.
They were dressed
with animal skins.
We can think about
really ancient people
and not really advanced people.
That's why the first
way they understood
to go through time and space,
it was that all time and space
was created by vibration.
And that vibration is
held in stones and water.
So that's why 15,000,
16,000 years BC,
they start to create
all these settlements
to cross time and space.
And the only way to
cross time and space
was to build structures
that remember
how the time and the space
was built in circles.
So that's why they
started to create towns
with stones and water in
the shape of a circle.
All the ancient structures
built in circles in Europe,
in Middle East, in Africa, all
the regions that you have stone
circles and buildings
in the shape of a circle
were built by these families.
So this structure was repeated
in every part of the planet
with stone circles,
so we could go
through the space
in the three times.
And time was recorded
in the memory of water.
So that's why they used to put
water in between the stones.
So that's why they
have these canals
in between the three circles.
That's why we remember
the Atlantis cities being
these three rings with stones
creating a ring of stones
representing the past in
the structure of the matter,
then another ring of
stones and temples
representing the
present, and then
another ring of
circles in the middle
representing the future and
the connection with the matrix.
This way of connection helped
them to reach the information
through past,
present, and future
along every timeline and
every space in the creation.
So these vibrations that they
achieve through the chantings
was the idea of becoming the
builders of time and space.
They used to bring the
spirit to the Earth.
The "kh," the first invention
of the consciousness,
was to download the
information of the higher level
vibrations, the higher level
thoughts, ideas of the mind,
of the universe, and
being download here
on the water and the stone.
And every structure was
kind of a circle that had
water in the middle or below.
So they start to
create this path
towards the core of the
planet in the stone circles
going down in the
spiral or circles,
or going up in the
shape of a hill.
These two structures help them
to create the idea of a sphere.
So this perfect sphere that
they were trying to connect
was to bring the information
from other levels
of consciousness to this
planet and to this matter.
That's why they were called
the ones building the doors.
And that's what shaped
the idea of Atlantis being
now this civilization with a
purpose to open the portals,
open the doors of the
planet, of the consciousness
of the galaxy,
and bring it here.
That's what we call the
plan of bringing heaven
to Earth, what in ancient times,
where I was born in the river
Nile, we used to call Ater
Tumti, the heaven on Earth.
Biologically,
humans has this idea
that we came from the
womb of the mother,
and we are going to
the idea of the father.
Father meaning the sun, and
the mother meaning the Earth.
So all the caves represented
the womb of the mother,
and the sun represented the idea
or the purpose of going farther
of our mother and father.
This is just human.
But when we started to
create this idea of a bigger
mother and a bigger father,
we took the idea of the womb
and created these
chambers, and we
created the idea
of enlightenment
to recognize the power
of the father within.
So not just looking to the
sun, but looking within the sun
that we own in our
heart and our mind.
So by going into
the chambers, we
could be reborn into the
light from our inner sun.
And this concept
of cultural beings
helped Arcturians
to recognize that we
were awakening the idea
of how the universe works.
Not only through biology,
but using biology as a way
to understand the spirit.
And that was the moment where
the confederation understood
that Atlantean
people were not just
people going around the planet
in their search for resources.
They were also beings
that recognized
that their power,
the inner power
was to look farther,
and not only
the horizons of the planet,
but also the horizons of stars.
When they recognized this, and
they saw the power of humanity,
that was the time when
Arcturian people came again
to the 12 families.
And they gave them a purpose.
Each one of them
represented a constellation,
so each family had the goal
to reach a part of the planet
where that constellation brings
the information to our Earth.
Along this story,
there was one family
that has its roots
in the Khem family.
And they were the Khomobis.
The Khomobis was one
of the families that
disappeared in the history
of Atlantis families
because they were
the ones deciding
to open the doors of Atlantis
to go around the world.
As the Khef people were those
with the flow of the truth,
and they were built to make
the flow, the Khom used to say,
we are the builders
of the portal.
"Kh" means the creators
and the designers.
"O" means the fruit
of the design.
And "M" means the doors.
So Khom would be those who open
the doors to a new creation.
So that's why they
were called Khomobis.
"Ob" means holy.
So Khomobis is those people
that are holy and opens
the doors for a new creation.
That's why the Khomobis were
the ones encouraging people
to sail to Africa
and Europe in order
to help humans, and help
the blue ones to reach
all the world.
After they did
that, there was kind
of a fight, a little
war, in which the 12
families of Atlantis were
against the idea of people
going out in the Atlantic Sea
and opening what they call
the white and the
black portal, which
is now the Gibraltar Canal.
So the Khomobis were
exiled from the islands.
And they began their search
of those biggest porters
in the planet by resonance.
They had to sing.
They had to look
for those portals.
They had to find them in
the highest mountains,
in the deepest lakes, in
the seas, in the islands,
everywhere so they could find
the information of the stars
here on the planet.
The planet is like a
living being breathing.
And it has, we can
imagine, 12 noses
that are breathing
in, breathing out.
And these portals are
bringing the information
from the higher levels
of consciousness
to the core of the planet.
So if they would be able
to reach those places,
then Atlantis would become
not only a civilization
in the Atlantic
Sea, but they would
become the species that could
represent what we named Earth.
When the Khomobis reached
to open the portals
in between Africa
and Europe, that
meant that it was the time
for all the humans and all
the blue ones living in Atlantis
to go to the Mediterranean Sea,
and to start to bring
their civilization.
They settled the
first settlements
of Atlantean civilization
from the family Khomobis
in all the south of
Iberian Peninsula.
And they traveled through
the islands following
the lines of migration into
Ibiza, Majorca, Menorca,
and then the islands of
Sardinia, Sicily, Crete,
and Cyprus.
All the islands that
they could reach
helped them to feel
more safe because they
were born in islands.
So that's why the first
settlement were in islands.
From Cyprus, they reach
the eye of the snake.
The eye of the snake, the
story of the eye of the snake,
they said that all
Atlantean people
were born from this big snake.
So they were wondering which was
that snake, until they figure
out that it was the Earth.
It was this big snake that
would go all around the planet.
And the head of the snake was
in Anatolia, now called Turkey.
So that's why they reached
the center of that region.
And from there, they start
to travel through the heart
of the snake in Iran.
This helped them to find the
settlements of the ancient Khef
people that were born by
the Isir in Middle East.
So they start to
control again the power
of the heart of the snake.
The stories that they were told
in the islands become true.
So they start to
become the rulers
of the whole Mediterranean Sea.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matías de Stefano.
In the next episode,
we will dive deeper
into the war between
Atlantis and Mu.